



	
	
		
			Loading...
		
	
	

    

		
			

				Aditya
					
				

				
					
				

				
					
						Home
						Skills
						Experience
						Projects
						Recommendations
						Contact
					
				
			
		

				
    	
    		
    			
	    			Hello, I am
	 	   			Aditya Seth

 	   			
 	   		
    		
    	

		
		

			

				
					
					
						
							
								About Me
								I’m a SWE @ TBAI, driven by an endless curiosity for solving complex problems. My journey in tech spans competitive programming (Knight @ LeetCode), applied cryptography, and cloud/ML engineering—certified in Google ACE, Microsoft Azure (DP100, AZ900, AI900, SC900), and AI fundamentals. What excites me most is turning theory into scalable, secure systems that make an impact.

									Beyond code, I thrive in building communities. As a Google Developer Groups Lead and Postman Kolkata Co-Lead, I’ve helped hundreds of developers learn, collaborate, and innovate. Being a Gold Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador has deepened my mission—to democratize tech education and empower the next generation of engineers.
																		
									Let’s connect if you’re passionate about tech, big ideas, or just great coffee!
							
							
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
							

						
					

					
						
					

				

			

		
		

		
		
			
				
					WHAT I DO
					Skills
				

				
					
						
							
								
									
										DevOps
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											DevOps
											DevOps integrates and automates the work of software development and IT operations as a means for improving and shortening the SDLC.
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										Competitive Coding
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											Competitive Coding
											Currently a Knight on LeetCode (top 2.62%) and a 5-star on CodeChef
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										Back-end Development
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											Back-end App Development
											I have started with App Dev just a couple months ago. I mostly work on the back-end but I am going to learn front-end as well very soon.
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										GNU/Linux
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											Linux
											I just love Linux. I have used many distros like Kali, BlackArch, Elementary OS, Manjaro, Nitrux and ofcourse Ubuntu. I work mainly on Linux and on Windows partly, should the need arises :) 
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										Cryptanalysis
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											Cryptanalysis
											I participated in the cryptography competitions organised by the coding club of my college. Since then I have practiced it and various other forms such as Steganography, Polyalphabetic Substitution Cipher, etc.
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										Photography and Graphic Editing
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											Photography and Graphic Editing
											I love to click photographs and graphic designing. My most used softwares include Adobe Photoshop, Snapseed and Lightroom. Although, my favourite way to spend time is by listening to music.
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										Languages
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											Languages
											I can speak English, Hindi and Bengali, and can also communicate in Spanish with moderate working proficiency. I have a C1 Advanced Score in English On EF SET. I have also written articles on various topics. Wanna take a look?
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										Public Speaking & Hosting
									
								
								
									
										
											 
										
										
											Hosting
											I have hosted various events at my college for IIC.
												Wanna see ? 
												I also host technical workshops as a part of my being a Beta Microsoft LSA.
											
										
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
							
								
									
										I do much more ...
									
								
								
									
										
											
										
										
											I do much more ...
											That is certainly not all, I have a lot more interests and I love to do a lot more stuff. Want to know about my activity? Visit my LinkedIn
										
									
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
		

		
		
			
				
					My Resume
					Education & Experience
				

				
					
						 My Education
						
							
								BTech (Hons) - Computer Science and Engineering
								Techno Main Salt Lake (TMSL) | 2021 - 2025
								Serving as Technical Lead of IIC-TMSL (entrepreneurship cell) and Eclectica Literary Club, I architected 15+ tech initiatives while managing cross-functional teams. As GDG On-Campus TMSL Lead (previously GDSC), I scaled the developer community to 1950+ members through hands-on workshops on Cloud, AI and DevOps. Led CurBrain, the institute’s official competitive coding hub, hosting 8 hackathons with 300+ participants. Concurrently maintained campus discipline as Anti-Ragging Squad Lead, demonstrating dual expertise in technical leadership and operational governance.From hackathons to campus initiatives, I've learned that real innovation happens when technology meets human impact - a lesson I carry into every line of code I write.Allons-y!
							
						
						
							
								Sophomore
								Vivekananda Academy (CBSE) | 2019 - 2021
								That quiet library period spent teaching myself Python from MIT OCW? It sparked everything. My 93.4% in PCMB wasn’t just grades – it was the discipline that now lets me thrive in both LeetCode contests and system design reviews.
							
						
						
							
								Freshman
								HM Education Centre (CBSE) | 2009 - 2019
								Turns out, winning art competitions trained my eye for detail – now I spot edge cases in code as instinctively as I once mixed paints. My 93.8% and medals were early signs: I’m wired to build, whether it’s canvases or cloud architectures.
							
						
					


					
						My Experience
						
							
								SWE Intern
								April 2024 - Present | Techno Billion AI
								Spearheaded AI-powered full-stack development (TBAI, CrewConnect), designed scalable cloud architectures on GCP/Kubernetes, and automated CI/CD pipelines with monitoring (Prometheus/Grafana). Led cross-functional teams while owning end-to-end backend solutions.
							
						
						
						
							
								Freelancing Software Dev
								Oct 2022 - Sep 2024 | DevOps with Web-dev
								As a freelance full-stack developer and cloud architect, I've delivered high-performance solutions for global clients using cutting-edge technologies across the stack - from building responsive frontends (Next.js/SvelteKit) and scalable backends (NestJS/Elixir/Python) to designing cloud-native architectures (GCP/Azure/AWS) with Kubernetes, Terraform, and CI/CD pipelines. My expertise extends to implementing real-time systems (GraphQL/gRPC/WebSockets), securing infrastructures (Istio/Vault/Falco), developing AI applications (TensorFlow/PyTorch), and optimizing data pipelines (Kafka/Flink), always ensuring robust, production-ready solutions with full observability (Prometheus/Grafana) and security compliance.
							
						
						
							
								Technical Content Architect
								Jan 2024 - Apr 2024 | GotoGrowth Pvt. Ltd.
								Spearheaded content development across digital platforms, creating data-driven, engaging materials. Also, ensured content quality through market analysis, aligning with brand voice and industry insights.
							
						
						
					
				

				
					
						Communities


						
							
								Postman Community Kolkata
								Jan 2025 - Present | Volunteer and Community Member
								As Co-Organizer of Postman Community Kolkata, I build collaborative developer ecosystems through impactful API workshops and community-driven learning initiatives.
							
						

						
							
								GDG Cloud Kolkata
								May 2023 - Present | Volunteer and Community Member
								Conducted offline events comprising of a total of 6000+ attendees, and more.
							
						
						
							
								TensorFlow User Group Kolkata
								Aug 2023 - Present | Volunteer and Community Member
								Organized Gen-AI ML events, reaching over 400+ developers.
							
						

						
							
								CNCF Hooghly
								Aug 2023 - Apr 2024 | Core Organising Team and Tech Team Member
								Organised events reaching a total of 100+ devs. Contributing to this community through projects.
							
						
						
						
							
								Microsoft
								Oct 2022 - Present | Gold LSA
								Learn Student Ambassadors are a global group of campus leaders who are eager to help fellow students, create robust tech communities and develop technical & career skills for the future.
							
						

						
							
								GDG On-Campus TMSL
								Nov 2022 - Present | Campus Lead
								From DevOps Member to Lead Organizer at GDG On-Campus TMSL, I've spearheaded Google Cloud Study Jams and earned my ACE certification while mentoring teams. Now leading multiple hybrid projects, I combine technical cloud expertise with hands-on community leadership to drive impactful Ed-Tech initiatives.
							
						

						
							
								GeeksforGeeks
								Sep 2022 - Oct 2023 | Campus Representative
								GFG Campus Representative dedicated to promoting tech knowledge and fostering a thriving campus tech community.
							
						
					
					
						 Coding Skills
						

							



    CockroachDB / YugabyteDB / MongoDB
    
        
    



    Google Cloud SQL
    
        
    




    Apache Kafka
    
        
    



    Apache Flink
    
        
    




    Cryptography (AES, RSA, Steganography)
    
        
    



    OAuth 2.0 / JWT / Keycloak
    
        
    



    Falco / Vault
    
        
    




    PyTorch
    
        
    



    TensorFlow
    
        
    



    OpenCV
    
        
    




    Docker / Kubernetes (Istio, Linkerd)
    
        
    



    GCP / AWS / Azure
    
        
    



    Terraform / Pulumi
    
        
    



    GitHub Actions / ArgoCD
    
        
    



    Prometheus / Grafana
    
        
    




    Django / FastAPI / Flask
    
        
    



    NestJS / Hapi.js / Spring Boot / Phoenix
    
        
    




    REST / GraphQL (Apollo, Hasura) / gRPC / WebSockets
    
        
    




    Flutter (Cross-platform)
    
        
    



    Kotlin (Android Native)
    
        
    




    Next.js / React / SvelteKit / HTML / CSS
    
        
    




    Python / JavaScript / TypeScript / C/C++ / PHP / Java / Kotlin / Dart / Elixir / Carbon
    
        
    




    Linux Shell Scripting
    
        
    



						
					
				
						
			
		
		


		
			   
				
					Achievments
					My Projects
				                 
				
					
						


							
							
								
								
									
										Kryptos
										Blockchain Messaging
									
								
							
							
								Welcome to the revolutionary messaging platform powered by blockchain technology! With support for more than 224+ crypto wallets such as Phantom, Metamask, Coinbase, and more, Kryptos ensures secure, decentralized communication like never before.
								React, TypeScript, XMTP
							
						

						
						
							
							
								
									Kryptos
									Blockchain Messaging
								
							
						
						
							A privacy-first, local-only security dashboard designed for real-time monitoring of Kubernetes clusters.
								Powered by eBPF and Cilium, it ensures all security metrics and data remain strictly within your infrastructure.
								It provides deep visibility into network flows.
							NextJs, TypeScript, Kubernetes, eBPF, Cillium
						
					



							
							
								
								
									
										WorkX
										Freelancer Job Portal
									
								
							
							
								WorkX is a full-stack job platform for freelancers and businesses, built with Django and React, integrating Google Firebase, JWT, DRF APIs, Elasticsearch for advanced search, PostgreSQL for data storage, and AWS for scalable deployment.
								React, Django, PostgreSQL, AWS
							
						

						
						
							
							
								
									Audio-SpectraCLI
									Real-time FFT Spectrum Viewer
								
							
						
						
							AudioSpectraCLI offers real-time FFT visualization of audio input, with customizable parameters (duration, sampling rate, block size, and frequency range). It features PyQt5 modules, Gaussian filtering, and a dynamic user-controlled interface.
							React, Django, PostgreSQL, AWS
						
					

							
								
									
									
										
											PymPay
											Online Banking Software
										
									
								
								
									PymPay is a web-based application that allows users to perform various banking operations such as deposit, withdraw, transfer, and check balance. The application has separate access for admin, client, and staff roles with real-time database updation.
									JavaScript, PHP
								
							

							
								
									
									
										
											Microsoft Aurora
											Website for Microsoft LSA event
										
									
								
								
									 I led and collaborated with a team of 2 developers and built this website for the upcoming
Microsoft event scheduled to be held in Kolkata, West Bengal. It is a dynamic webpage and Townscript API built into it for the online paid registrations.
									HTML, CSS, Js
								
							

							
								
									
									
										
											Envisage TMSL
											Dynamic Event Website for 2023-24
										
									
								
								
									Envisage is the official E-Summit of Techno Main Salt Lake. It was the platform for budding entrepreneurs to showcase
									the power of their ideas and to be appreciated and mentored by the best in the fields. I was the Project Leader
									here, leading a team of 6 students.
									Next Js, Tailwind CSS
								
							
							
							
								
									
									
										
											IIC Website
											Official Website v2.1
										
									
								
								
									It is the official website of IIC TMSL, the official e-cell by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD), Govt. of
									India, for fostering higher academic and entrepreneurial knowledge. Features include: Dark Mode, Dynamic Webpages, and more. 
									Website - Next Js, Tailwind CSS
								
							
							
								
									
									
										
											2048 Game
											Project for Google Hackathon
										
									
								
								
									This was an app building hackathon organised by GDSC TMSL. I participated in it and built the 2048 game which is quite popular. I participated in the Hackathon under the name of "Abstract-Connoisseurs", since we were instructed to pick unique names.
									Android - Kotlin
								
							

							
								
									
									
										
											Twitter Master-Bot
											Project for Google DG CCD Hackathon 2022
										
									
								
								
									Twitter-Bot is an automation bot using built using Tweepy. This replaces the use of Twitter API as it is costly and takes much time to get access to. You can use it to post tweets, retweet based on hashtags and like tweets on the homepage or like tweets based on hashtags.
									Python
								
							

							
						

						
						
						
					
				
			
		



		
		
			
				
					:)
					Recommendations
				
				
					
						
							
								
									
										
										“Aditya is a very self-organized person who likes to solve problems and actively take part in everything that revolves around tech. He is also very helpful and makes a very good team member. Can handle tasks and responsibilities very tackfully as well as tries to overdeliver on the given tasks.”
										Sabyasachi Seal  DevOps Lead, Google DSC | Ex-SDE Intern, WebKnot Tech
									
								
								

								
									
										
										“Aditya is not only good at all things technical, but his creativity and sense of innovation are what impress people the
										most. Working with him was a delight because his level of attention to detail is unmatched! I've never seen him shy away
										from a challenge. He is always up for going the extra mile and reach goals as promised. Other than that, his clear sense
										of recent technologies and tech stacks makes him a great asset. Aditya ensures that he puts in proper planning and
										resources to achieve the promised end goal.”
										Ayushi Dey  SDE @ Thoughtworks, Ex-Convenor - IIC TMSL
									
								

								
									
										
										“I have worked with Aditya over several projects. Aditya is very goal oriented and hard working. He loves to solve
										problems and try different approaches to solve the problem efficiently. He possess good team spirit and strong
										leadership skills. Aditya gives his heart to any project and delivers everytime up to the mark.”
										Vivek Kr. Agarwal SDE @ LTIMindtree, Ex-Convenor - CIIC Geekonix
									
								

								
									
										
										“I have worked with many professionals throughout my journey, but Aditya was a unique one to work. I started my work journey with him, and he helped me understand the company’s internal process. His work ethics are pristine, and he is easily adjustable to a given situation. His ability to go out of his way to help others has made him stand out. Thanks a lot, man! You made the transition smooth and more comfortable. He is the most profound person I have met, and his ability to tackle any problem is remarkable and with a warm smile. Aditya would become an appreciated member of any team.”
										Sreejita Mukhopadhyay  Graphic Lead @ IIC TMSL and Eclectica TMSL
									
								

				


							
							
						

						
							
							
						

					
				
			
		
		

		
		
			
				
					
						
							Let's work together!
						
						
							Here's my CV
						
					
				
			
		
		

		

		
		
			
				
					Reach out to me
					Contact 
				

				
					 My Location
					←Déplacement vers la gauche→Déplacement vers la droite↑Déplacement vers le haut↓Déplacement vers le bas+Zoom avant-Zoom arrièreAccueilDéplacement de 75 % vers la gaucheFinDéplacement de 75 % vers la droitePage précédenteDéplacement de 75 % vers le hautPage suivanteDéplacement de 75 % vers le basRaccourcis clavierDonnées cartographiquesDonnées cartographiques ©2025Données cartographiques ©20252 km Cliquez pour basculer entre les unités métriques et impérialesConditions d'utilisationSignaler une erreur cartographiqueImpossible de charger Google Maps correctement sur cette page.Ce site Web vous appartient ?OK
				
			

			
				
					
						 Get in Touch
						
							
								
									
										
									
									
										My Latest Articles
										Blog
									
								
							
							
								
									
										
									
									
										@adityaseth777
										Feel free to DM
									
								
							
							
								
									
										
									
									
										contact@adityaseth.in
										Email Me
									
								
							
						
					
					
						
						
							 Contact Form
							
								
									
										
									
								
								
									
										
									
								                                
							
							
								
									
										
									
								
							
							
								
									
										
									
								
							
							
								
									Send
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
		

		
		
			
				©  All rights reserved | This website is developed  by Aditya Seth
			
		
		
	


	

	

	
	
	

	
	

	
	
	
	
	

	

	$('#home').ripples({
	    resolution: 500,
	    dropRadius: 20,
	    perturbance: 0.04
	});

    



